# Assignment3
1 The major difference is that in 2019 the lighing of singapore at night time is brighter than it was in 2013, which could lead to higher possibilities of light pollution. Specifically, some places like the Signpore Port Terminal and the Central Business District still remain as some of the brightest places in signopre in both 2013 and 2019. Some new areas are showing signs of incresing lighting usage such as the areas around the center of Singapore and the island on the southwest. 
2 I used the commercial buildings with in building for the layer because most of the light would probably be the exterior and interior light of the commercial buildings.
3 I managed to get some data showing that Singapore is heavily invested in infrastructure and that lead to more light pollutions. Additonally, the local and tourists population had grown in size with a combined increase of 3.84 million which is more than half of the current populaiton of Singapore.
4a The trend is that the lighting at night time is increasing and expanding from the costal areas to inland Singapore. 
4b Most of new places with increase light usage are residential and industrial zoning areas. 
4c I would recommand the retail store be built in the south west of the very center of Singapore becasue this area is closer to the Central business district areas which means this area has a lot of people and all of them are potential customer of the store. Additonally, this area is also dratically increasing light usage at night time comparing with other areas meaning this area is gorwing economiclly which is ideal for business as well. In conclusion, I would recommand this location.
5 Another way I could think off is the traffic congestion. This could also be expressed through the map. I think given the fixed amount of time period in 2013 and 2019. Areas with more congesation than before could mean that these areas are growing more economiclly becasue there could be new mall being built or the land is being redevloped.  
